all right so I just got some models in
of the iPhone 11 devices or iPhone X I
whatever they end up calling it but I
think these are gonna be called the
iPhone 11 and I have five dummy models I
have to kind of like finished looking
models that have no anesthetic that
seems to be quite representative of what
they'll actually look like in the retail
store and then I also have three these
are kind of like their they look like
they're machined models that case makers
use to make a case for so that I think
in terms of like actual dimensions these
are more accurate but these ones are
more aesthetically similar to the real
version all right so if you are
unfamiliar with this stuff if you
haven't looked at any of the iPhone
rumors like the iPhone 11 rumors or
leaked videos or anything like that I'll
just go through a quick just rundown of
what is to be expected this fall and
there's gonna be three models supposedly
an iPhone 11 the normal sized one and
then a bigger version presumably the
iPhone 11 max and then we have the
budget iPhone which I imagine would be
called the iPhone 11 are now all three
of these phones correspond to the
current lineup the 10s that Tenace max
and the 10 are the biggest difference
aesthetically between these upcoming
iPhone 11 models and the existing lineup
is the camera system on the back so if
you look in the back there is a triple
camera system on the iPhone 11 and the
iPhone 11 max the iPhone 11 are like the
budget version still has a square-shaped
camera humph it's not perfectly square
compared to the other two but it only
has two cameras so the ones with the
triple camera setup the 11 and 11 max
they are supposedly running a wide-angle
camera as the third lens the past two
generations of iPhones even on the top
end they've only had two lenses like a
zoom and normal lens but this third
camera lens on these new phones is
supposed to provide a much wider focal
length so this is a technology it's not
really technology but it's a feature
that is existed on a lot of other phones
like Android phones have had them for a
while but this is the first time we'll
have seen an ultra wide
an iPhone and it's something that I
really like I'm glad that they're
putting this on I find that when I shoot
for photography and a lot of my friends
and family we just shoot wide let's just
you can see more stuff and you can
always capture the whole thing like if
you ever want to you can always oome it
on a photo later but if you start off
with just regular focal lengths or
zoomed in focal lengths you just lose
all that picture that you would
otherwise have seen so yeah finally
ultra wide lenses on iPhones that's nice
now a lot of the phone unfortunately
remains unchanged from last year's model
and even the previous generation from
2017 so we still have the Lightning port
fantastic
we still have OLED screens up front same
sizing the phones are supposed to be a
little bit thicker for 2019 but the
overall look and feel and functionality
of this phone remains largely unchanged
from last year and even the year before
I'm someone who was excited by the
iPhone 10 when it launched in 2017 it
was really cool phone it was just got
really fresh designed to what iPhones
were at the time and then the iPhone 10s
came out and it was a little bit
underwhelming to me like I just thought
that not a lot had changed and the
reality is aside from the camera not
really all that much had changed and
then this year's model because it's it's
so similar in design and feel and look
again it feels once again
a little underwhelming to me based on
these models and these dummy phones I
actually think it takes some serious
confidence to take these phones and sell
them in 2019 now there are some upgrades
internally for these phones that were
probably nice to some new processors
those processors will help the camera
system right the whole functionality of
these triple camera systems or the dual
camera system is based heavily on that
processing power and I imagine we'll get
some better low-light processing that is
something that I phones camera system
has kind of fallen behind over the years
like if you look at the market right now
companies like Huawei with their P 30
and P 30 plus their low-light
photography is just miles ahead when it
comes to what the iPhone can deliver and
the reason being i phones they try to do
their processing in real time like
whatever you're seeing on your phone
screen when you shoot is what your
picture is going to look like whereas
companies like Huawei they'll process it
just after you snap the shutter so it'll
process it and then display this
nice looking image but because the
iPhones have put this emphasis on
real-time processing on the cameras
screen while you're shooting photography
it's falling behind a little bit so
having a faster processor in these new
iPhones will definitely help with these
low-light images it's also supposed to
have reverse wireless charging kind of
like the Samsung and Huawei phones so if
you have wireless earbuds or an Apple
watch you could theoretically charge it
off the back of these upcoming iPhone
11s now the hardware on these phones is
an upgrade compared to last year's
iPhones but some of this hardware
Stunner show its age like the Lightning
port in particular the notch on the
front a lot of the competitors out there
have moved on to technologies that just
look and feel like newer stuff this
stuff is definitely starting to show its
age next year's models the 20/20 iPhones
are rumored to have a pretty big
redesign with use BC and new screen size
options so if you're in the market for a
new phone and you don't really need to
get an upgrade for 2019 I would totally
wait like the 20/20 ones look so much
better since this was one of the reasons
why I was comfortable making my last
video of how I was switching over to
androids phones because the current
Apple lineup and the ones that are
coming out in a couple months just
aren't compelling devices to me like
companies have to sell you stuff right
they have to sell products to people to
stay in business but that's their job
like they're trying to sell you stuff
that you don't need like these phones in
particular feel like there's just such
underwhelming phones but they're gonna
sell like apples really good at
marketing stuff and making people want
things that they don't need their videos
look phenomenal and I'm actually curious
to see what Apple does with these phones
in their product videos like how are
they gonna make these square humps look
super sexy I'm sure they're gonna do it
it's just I'd like to see what it
actually looks like in the fall but
every company is guilty of this right
Samsung oneplus Google every phone
company does is they push products that
people don't need but this year with the
iPhone 11 from what we've seen like the
data we have so far on these phones I
don't know man I would totally skip this
year or the 2019 models and go for the
2020 models because I mean you see this
stuff right it really is just a third
camera lens on a design aesthetic that
we
for the past two years now this might be
enough for some people if you're an
iPhone user that's always wanted an
ultra-wide lens on their phone this
might be enough but I think for most
people this is not a particularly
compelling year to upgrade your phone
that basically wraps us up if you enjoy
this give me some thumbs if you loved it
give me some subs see you guys next time